what's up gamers it's your number one
bro here pewdiepie here to review some
tic toc videos that's right I'm gonna
take this off because I do like ads on
my videos thank you very much
tick tock ads for basically saving
Christmas gonna squeeze as many as I
goddamn please now you keep watching
because I need the watch time that's
right should we just jump into it but
how can you jump into it can you just
stop no I don't have a saliva problem
let's just jump into it haha damn I just
lost a life goddamnit that was too funny
what is this 2012 pewdiepie disgusting
get it out of my sight what a way to
ruin a good song totally the fact that I
cannot listen to the muffing song
anymore it makes me so angry that's
great that's the thing I noticed
recently is these handicaps
I can call it a handicap right for the
first time 20:18 handicap can finally
get better memes
me introduce to you
[Music]
I hope that wasn't what I thought it was
she got big hands okay I'm glad you
noticed
this is the perfect time why I enjoyed
tick-tock there's making fun of these
thirsty for attention girls oh yeah this
is fire ooh oh damn
oh I want to f'ing puncher Jesus Christ
[Music]
alright next stick talk everybody let's
just jump into it let's just keep
jumping into it let's just keep jumping
into it let's just jump into it Oh smash
like if you laughed so far and smash
like if you haven't just so I can keep
track if you have left or not
[Music]
what kind of t-series this day
okay that was that was legit almost as
legit as g-series subscribers good job
you did it and here I think I'm
officially too old to review these 1950
we will have flying cars in the future
2018 everybody we all we did it
congratulations that's it I'm not doing
this anymore I'm not that desperate for
views I don't take Tommy's popular nor
Know Who am I kidding oh sorry sir
I'm already tracer I want to be will
maker already damn it I think that's it
I think that's the point we tick-tock
they're all so goddamn stupid but that's
what makes it funny clever original
well-thought-out joke
I'm already tracer I guess they never
miss huh huh you got a boyfriend I bet
he doesn't kiss yeah no way he's got to
find another girl and he won't miss you
oh he's gonna skirt and hit the dab hit
the dab whiskey Hoffa key Hoffa whiskey
- my favorite artist he animates I guess
they never miss Oh turn your face toward
your mom and may the shadow finally
finally a useful Hank stupid printers
turn your face towards your mom
and let they shadows by you
[Applause]
[Music]
you know okay moving on everybody moving
all there were scrapes somebody once
told me I wanna be tracer slowest here
hit that dad like Khalifa oh hey that
was great that was really great
tik tok you know what we're not so
different you and I it's kind of like
you have to search through all this
trash content to finally find something
funny it's great you know I yeah I just
didn't know like she would accept me for
who I really was of course I accept you
let's eat this pie okay I love you dad
that's kind of gay no I mean yeah it's
not your life you lose so it doesn't
matter I'm just disappointed why do I
only have 75 million subscribers what is
this Here I am crunching it working hard
making the best content making the most
whatever just subscribe goddammit
[Music]
ah okay that's pretty good fine
you know why every episode of Tech Talk
I say uh now we've peaked but this is it
boys
now we it's a good play on perspective
as well I I must say next would be to
actually move your arms as well oh he's
moving a little bit ah goddamn it I was
giving you praise don't ever do that
again
[Music]
where is Ben Shapiro if that was facts
and logic getting tired of your shit
tick-tock I'm not I'm not gonna lie
again
that was great I enjoy that what a lot
you can tell it look at his shirt he's
done it so many times
[Music]
hmm holy shit guys I think I heard
something on my kitchen if someone is
there to kill me uh make a sound oh my
god I'm so tired
literally it keeps going straight let's
see what I was talking about in the
beginning I love that that's so great
top 10 saddest enemy deaths goddamn
chicken didn't deserve to die like that
for a chicken chicken no please this is
what happens if you subscribe to
t-series chicken was just a beginning
oh yeah I seen this it hit my head up
ahead of it that's great
yeah chuckle worthy I guess I have a
busy day okay I've got nothing else to
say
yeah let's just keep jumping into it
guys listen I don't know what you expect
from daily uploads all right this is me
when t-series takes over it's gonna be
so sad I don't know what I'm gonna do
guys honestly stop subscribing I mean it
I have a video that I need to Greg get
up and I could really use getting a day
ahead so yeah if t-series could pastor I
could upload this video that would be
great thank you very much subject
driving how many goddamn furries are
there now first everywhere they're
taking over our video games they're
taking over our tic TOCs like what's
freakin next dude tough Ari's man at
least I haven't taken over YouTube is
there a furry youtuber you know what
don't answer that don't answer that okay
all right well I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
oh we have a couple more oh damn it I
thought that we would end it on a high
cuz that was really
[Music]
oh how did wait how did he do that did
he put it on the mirror
oh wait never always Hey
that was good that was good damn look at
that
Oh Oh No how is he doing
[Music]
[Applause]
that's pretty cool
[Music]
oh my god
oh listen oh oh okay now very confused
alright that was it for this week's
episode of tick-tock memes woohoo hope
you guys had fun just like I had a lot
of fun that's what we do in this channel
we're all about having fun
spreading positivity okay goodbye
[Music]
[Applause]